Added Aug Community Newsletter (#120)
pythonpune/meetup-talks: content/2020/August/community_news.md

---
title: "PythonPune Community Newsletter [August 2020 Edition]"
date: 2020-08-30T00:03:41+05:30

> url: newsletter/july-2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
url: newsletter/august-2020
```

 
* You should include your tests in coverage 
  https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/202008/you_should_include_your_tests_in_coverage.html
 
* Never Run ‘python’ In Your Downloads Folder 
  https://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2020/08/never-run-python-in-your-downloads-folder.html
  
* Monkeypatching with pytest 
  https://www.patricksoftwareblog.com/monkeypatching-with-pytest/
 
* Interrogate a codebase for docstring coverage 
  https://interrogate.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

* isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, and automatically separated 
  into sections and by type. It provides a command line utility, Python library and plugins for 
  various editors to quickly sort all your imports.
  http://timothycrosley.github.io/isort/

## Projects releases

* pip 20.2 released 
  https://blog.python.org/2020/07/upgrade-pip-20-2-changes-20-3.html

* pytest major version lands 6.0 
  https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/changelog.html

## New projects
* A Git-based tool for comparing branches, designed to work with a rebase-oriented Git workflow. 
  https://github.com/MarkForged/GOMP
 
* Rich is a Python library for rich text and beautiful formatting in the terminal. 

>   https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich
```

 
* A curated list of awesome Python frameworks, libraries, software and resources.
  https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python
 
* The easy way to send notifications 
  https://github.com/liiight/notifiers

* Python Fire is a library for automatically generating command line interfaces (CLIs)
  from absolutely any Python object 
  https://github.com/google/python-fire
  
* Interactively grep source code. Source 
  https://github.com/livegrep/livegrep
 
* Run only the tests that are relevant for your changes 
  https://github.com/man-group/partialtesting

## Upcoming events in & around Pune

> * Tickets for PyCon India 2020 is now open! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tickets for PyCon India 2020 are available now! 
```
